Dear plants dear
zombies war is raging in the garden
Plant ground well and zombies are
Every kid knows
already since the first litter of
plants vs zombies rages the battle
brains gardens and zombie meat in the
plants vs zombies garden he wharf on
the xbox and xbox 360 continue
but not in classic anymore
tower defense one here but in form
a real team shooter up to 24
players compete in the matches and
with each other
next to a classic team deathmatch
There is also a place mode in it
they plant their gardens against the
have to defend zombies
especially in this game mode comes on
most fun on there the level nice and big
are and section to section also
special items have on the
battlefield pardon in the front gardens
garden warfare works fine that
browsing fits the different
classes are entertaining and also the
many special moves are just cool
Basically, the action is
rather directed at hobby shooter friends
who now expects a ball game that
playfully demands everything from you
only then garden warfare could not
your game will be the new plants vs
Zombies he is a fun shooter
By the way, that's absolutely nothing
but negative must be mentioned
become
the big problem of garden warfare is
the scope
There are basically only two game modes in the game
while these still have a few
But modifications in the core are just that
only two game modes
in addition to a co-op mode in
which he against waves of opponents
have to compete with up to four
People on the xbox tomorrow
this works well in the split screen
mode and
I forgot something no that was it
then too
after all, the game does not cost 60 euros
but 40 euros are still too much here too
for the circumference, misunderstand us now
Also not to the meeting of the garden
warfare does not do anything playfully
really wrong it is more that
around what is a bit thin and for 1
40 euro game
Well, too easy should be too little
but the game time is less than 20 euros to
have to be
access and have fun